register/index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

# Register

>BuildingBloCS19 conference registration is open for all Computing students (including organisers/facilitators) and teachers.

Registration opens till Thu 23 May or earlier when slots run out (venue can only sit 300). The earlier you register, the better your chances at our lucky draws! 

We will have weekly draws on every Fri from 19 Apr and your chances accumulate till 7 Jun i.e. a total of 8 lucky draws, and there is no limit to the number of times you can get lucky! 

[View Lucky draw details and results>>]({{ site.baseurl }}/pre-event/luckydraw)

[Contact us]({{ site.baseurl }}/contact) if you have any enquires.

<!--
## Pre-Event (Project Euler)

<iframe class="w100" height="900" src="https://tinyurl.com/bbcs18euler"></iframe>

## Pre-Event (Online Workshop)

<iframe class="w100" height="900" src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe1gu5bdATszY-I5UEO8AOq9roUyo5G3lwZIfIzhIzg6H5aHg/viewform"></iframe>
-->
## [Register for main conference >>](https://tinyurl.com/bbcs19conference)

<iframe class="w100" height="900" src="https://tinyurl.com/bbcs19conference"></iframe>

Commit message:

Update contact location, main interface
Added "get there" at index.md
Updated event location
Updated register description

register/index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

# Register

>BuildingBloCS19 conference registration is open for all Computing students (including organisers/facilitators) together with teachers and external speakers.

The registration is still on-going! If you have strong interest in joining the event, you can still register through the forms below.

**The earlier you register, the better your chances at our lucky draws!**
We will have weekly draws on every Fri from 19 Apr and your chances accumulate till 7 Jun i.e. a total of 8 lucky draws, and there is no limit to the number of times you can get lucky! 

[View Lucky draw details and results>>]({{ site.baseurl }}/pre-event/luckydraw)

[Contact us]({{ site.baseurl }}/contact) if you have any enquires.

<!--
## Pre-Event (Project Euler)

<iframe class="w100" height="900" src="https://tinyurl.com/bbcs18euler"></iframe>

## Pre-Event (Online Workshop)

<iframe class="w100" height="900" src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe1gu5bdATszY-I5UEO8AOq9roUyo5G3lwZIfIzhIzg6H5aHg/viewform"></iframe>
-->
## [Register for main conference >>](https://tinyurl.com/bbcs19conference)

<iframe class="w100" height="900" src="https://tinyurl.com/bbcs19conference"></iframe>
