pre-event/index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

# Pre-events

BuildingBloCS 2019 has cooperated with **Fossasia** - the largest Asia-Pacific Open Source Conference this year. We are excited to announce free technology workshops for the community taking place at the FOSSASIA Summit 2019 evenings on Friday, March 15 and Saturday, March 16 as well as Saturday morning. This event is seperate from main conference, but serve as a lead to help students improve their coding proficiency.

[Get to know more &raquo;](https://2019.fossasia.org/#buildingblocs)


## Workshop

Our pre-event at Fossasia is composed of serveral **workshops** include Introduction to Python, VueJS, Databases and Machine Learning with Python.

<a class="btn" href="{{ site.baseurl }}/pre-event/workshop">Details</a>

## BBCS BBQ

This year, we have managed to organise a BBQ event for our organisers and volunteers. It took place on Thursday, 21st Mar at **[classdo.com](https://classdo.com/en/)** home office from 4 to about 8 pm.

<a class="btn" href="{{ site.baseurl }}/pre-event/bbq">Details</a>


## Lucky draw

This year, we will have weekly lucky draws on every Fri from 19 Apr and your chances accumulate till 7 Jun i.e. a total of 8 lucky draws, and there is no limit to the number of times you can get lucky!

<a class="btn" href="{{ site.baseurl }}/pre-event/luckydraw">Details</a>

Commit message:

update pycon sg workshop link and fixed typos

pre-event/index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

# Workshops at PyCon SG

BuildingBloCS 2019 has partnered with **Python User Group** to conduct Young Coders Workshops for students. This event is separate from main conference, but serve as a lead to help students improve their coding proficiency.

[Learn more and sign up &raquo;](https://pycon.sg/young-coders)


## Workshops at FOSSASIA

BuildingBloCS 2019 has partnered with **FOSSASIA** - the largest Asia-Pacific Open Source Conference this year. We are excited to announce free technology workshops for the community taking place at the FOSSASIA Summit 2019 evenings on Friday, March 15 and Saturday, March 16 as well as Saturday morning. This event is separate from main conference, but serve as a lead to help students improve their coding proficiency.

Our workshops **workshops** at FOSSASIA include Introduction to Python, VueJS, Databases and Machine Learning with Python.

<a class="btn" href="{{ site.baseurl }}/pre-event/workshop">Details</a>

## BBCS BBQ

This year, we have managed to organise a BBQ event for our organisers and volunteers. It took place on Thursday, 21st Mar at **[classdo.com](https://classdo.com/en/)** home office from 4 to about 8 pm.

<a class="btn" href="{{ site.baseurl }}/pre-event/bbq">Details</a>


## Lucky draw

This year, we will have weekly lucky draws on every Fri from 19 Apr and your chances accumulate till 7 Jun i.e. a total of 8 lucky draws, and there is no limit to the number of times you can get lucky!

<a class="btn" href="{{ site.baseurl }}/pre-event/luckydraw">Details</a>
